OK so let's start with the second project of this course.
This is what we're going to be building.
We're going to be building this.
Let me just reload the page.
So whenever the page loads we have an NBA Web site and we have a slider right here.
We're going to use a plug in for this.
I'm going to tell them which plug in we can use and whenever we scroll down we have this transition.
And of course if we over which is have an animation and it's a link of course.
And for example if we have a subscribe to section if we subscribe for example whatever and then just
up come is going to save this into a database and it's going to give you a thank you.
So this is pretty much what we can do.
We're going to have a poll right here with will be we will be the next champion.
And if we click on it it's going to just add a vote and everything is going to be again just saved into
the database.
We have an inside section if you go to teams we get a nice transition.
We're going to have a list of all the teams of the NBA.
And if we type 14 a team for example Celtics we can get that Tim can filter everything with ESX.
And if a clear a team is going to take us to an inside page with a description of the team you know
the logo name and just a simple description and we can have all the players all the players are going
to be the same.
We're going to be using a fake API for this.
I'm going to give you all the information.
Don't worry.
And now I want to do this I want to do this in a different way.
I don't want to just show you what to do.
I'm going to give you and you can download you to be able to download as a resource on this lecture.
You're going to have pretty much a document telling saying just specifying what you will need to do
how you will need to do it.
You're going to have the link to this Web site so you can inspect it but pretty much I'm going to give
you all the resources so you can grab them and just tried to do it yourself and not just watch to BDO.
So I'm going to give you this file with the documentation and everything else.
And I'm going to give you a photoshop with all the signs and all the layers with the inside pages and
everything else.
So you can get the images from here or whatever.
If not inside the same folder you're going to have the you can have the images folder right here.
Imported already.
You're going to have the images file there with all the images.
So you don't need to just export from Photoshop because you may not have photoshop.
So I'm just giving you all the files ready right here.
So can going to give you one more thing.
It's going to be the D-B that Jason.
All the information about this about this database is going to be right here.
So we're going to fetch this database and we're going to use Jason's server.
Now we're going to use a bunch of things.
Everything is going to be specified on the documentation that we can use the slider and begin going
to react to slick.
If you come from Jay Corey and Javascript you know this looks like.
Well this is the re-act version for this.
We're going to use the reveal whenever we scroll down.
Just let me show you.
If we scroll down we're going to have the animations right here and we're going to use re-act reveal
for this.
And of course the Jason server.
OK.
So this is fine.
Just download the resource if you want if you wish it were the way you need to download it to get the
images and the DVD.
Jason for the course now on the next few weeks it's going to take a while it's going to take a while.
I'm going to tell you how to build this right from the start.
OK.
We're going to do everything even the styles.
So.
OK.
You will need to do at home.
Just create.
React.
App.
OK.
Whatever name you wish.
And we will only do we will do all the installing for the project on the next section.